Promothash Boruah                

Engineering Manager - 15+ Years of Experience

Engineering manager with 15+ years of experience in the development and implementation of various technologies. Results-oriented change agent and problem solver with a passion for technology-- skilled in understanding the big picture, conceptualizing, developing, and implementing solutions, while partnering closely with business leaders.

Expertise in web technologies, .NET, eCommerce, mobile applications, enterprise software, systems integration and product design. Diverse background covering engineering, user experience and innovation. 

Professional Experience


Chief Technology Officer, Democ, Inc. - San Francisco, CA - Apr 2016 - Present
As a CTO of this startup company had to work on almost everything that we need to do in a startup but not limited to- tech stack, product development, lead and mentors the various team, operations, communication with the third parties, networking, building business operations.

Vice President Technology, Netision Technology, Noida - Aug 2015 - Mar 2016
Responsible for the design, development and implementation of organizational information systems, software applications, and IT support and infrastructure systems. Directed and managed IT plans, schedules, policies and programs for an organization's data processing, network communications, business operations, computer services and management information systems, to establish goals and objectives.
Handled integration with various partners 
Developed new product ideas and strategies to increase market share
Direct customer face and interaction with the business leaders
Initiated the products and helped the revenue building strategies
	
Engineering Manager, Livecareer India Pvt. Ltd - Noida - Jan 2012 - July 2015
Created the Resume Builder HTML product of Livecareer from scratch. Directed the product development and leading the innovation for this product software company with multi-millions sales from this primary product. Managed all product design and development aspects of core product for the various platforms i.e. tablets, mobile and web.
Led the design and development of the HTML/AJAX version for the Resume Builder replacing the Adobe Flex version, https://www.livecareer.com 
Designed and developed the tablet version for the Resume Builder
Spearhead the development and successful release of http://www.myperfectresume.com
Review all development projects to ensure reliability, effectiveness and particularly ensuring that the Product team is in sync with the Engineering for all goals
Handled the 3rd party integration with various partners 
Innovative product ideas and strategies to carter the larger market share.

Technical Lead, Ampere Software Pvt. Ltd – Noida - June 2007 - Dec 2011
Worked with this startup from an initial stage and helped the organization to grow leaps and bounds with generated business of millions of USD. Handled products across all verticals and successfully delivered the projects. 
Point Monkey, www.pointmonkey.com is a universal loyalty platform that allows you to connect, earn and redeem rewards at all your favourite places.
OpteliAdvantrix, www.opteli.com is a cutting edge medical billing and reimbursement cycle management system. A comprehensive suite of services including an integrated EMR, Opteli brings simplicity, efficiency and compliance to the cloud. 
Sleeptracker, www.sleeptracker.com is a patented technology that wakes you and only you on time. This is a sleep monitoring and alarm system. One of the top five innovative gadgets.
SessionCam, www.sessioncam.com Session replay, heat maps, conversion funnel and much more. 
ServiceTick, www.servicetick.com ServiceTick is a leading enterprise-level solution for real-time, multi-channel customer feedback.
eRecipe, www.erecipe.com is a recipe portal with the nutrition calculator and custom cookbook.
Contract Monitoring Tool for clients who wish to attain higher quality contracts and achieve sustainable savings. It combines quality control and quality assurance in a single software application accessible by both the client and its service providers.
Electronic Medical Report, www.clinicalenotes.com provides an easy-to-use Electronic Medical Record designed to make your clinical documentation easier. It is designed and intended for use by hospice and palliative care clinicians for comprehensive documentation of patient visits at the point of care.
Bio2007, www.bio2007.org is the world's largest biotechnology organization, providing advocacy, business development and communications services for more than 1,100 members worldwide.
DiaryPortal, www.mrvmarketing.com is experienced in developing and implementing Regional and National Dairy and Ice Cream supply chain programs to suit the individual needs of our clientele. Our programs provide our clientele with one point of contact, while reducing cost and increasing profitability.

Sr. Software Engineer, Porteck India Infoservices Pvt. Ltd - Noida - Nov 2006 - June 2007
SMS800, www.sms800.com The SMS/800 is a centralized system that performs toll-free (800, 877, 888 and 866) number management. This was my global interaction with teams from AT&T, Bell South, and Verizon.
Created the administrative tools and created custom AJAX tools for the greater ease of use
Lead small teams and train them in asp.net and Telerik components
Requirement gathering and client interaction

Sr. Developer, Techsol Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd – Noida - June 2005 – Nov 2006
Enterprise Resource Planning, Sanden Vikas India Pvt Ltd, (Japan, India) www.sandenvikas.com is a complete ERP system with 17 modules which manages the entire business in Japan and India.
Designed and developed the workflow for the different modules
Created the unit test for all modules
Training and Implementation at the client side

Software Developer, Scarlet Infotech Limited -  Noida - July 2003 - May 2005
Enterprise Resource Planning, Victor Components Pvt Ltd http://www.victorcomponent.co.in is an ERP application for Victor Components that is ultimately modular in design. This product will be complete ERP system for the organization. This would be able to serve multiple subunits of Victor Components simultaneously by hosting their data at same location.
Wrote the use cases for the various flows
Designed the production and production planning module
Created reports with Crystal reports and Active reports

Technical Skill Summary


ASP .NET 2.0/ 3.5/4.0/4.5, C#.Net,VB.Net, AJAX, Azure, XML, Core Java, JavaScript, JQuery, AngularJS, HTML, Web API, Web services, WCF, .NET Framework 2.0/ 3.5/4.0/4.5, SQL Server 2000-2008, Active Reports.Net 3.x, Visual SourceSafe 2005, SVN, JIRA, Teamwork PM, Git, TFS.

Academic Qualifications
MCA (B Level), National Institute of Electronics and Information Technology, New Delhi
PGDCA (A Level),National Institute of Electronics and Information Technology, New Delhi
Diploma (O Level), National Institute of Electronics and Information Technology, New Delhi
HSSLC 12th, Cotton College State University, Guwahati [Assam] / 2000
HSLC 10th, Don Bosco High School, Dibrugarh [Assam] / 1998
